Create README.md (#1)
andreabak/toggl_to_odoo: README.md

# toggl_to_odoo

> toggle_to_odoo is a tool to synchronize timesheets between an Odoo database and Toggl Track

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**toggle_to_odoo** is a tool to synchronize entries from **Toggl Track** to timesheets in an **Odoo** database
```

## Guide

> ### Use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Usage
```

To run the synchronization, run :
```sh
python3 -m toggl_to_odoo upload toggl2odoo https://www.odoo.com openerp history

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
To run the synchronization, run the following command from within the repo root directory, with the appropriate arguments for your setup:
```sh
python3 -m toggl_to_odoo upload <converter_name> <odoo_url> <odoo_db_name> <history_file_path>
```
````

Author: Of course people should adapt the line to their setup but maybe having an idea of a reasonable default would be good ?
It took me a little bit of time to figure out what were the available converter names and about the history thing

Reviewer: I think having a cli command that lists the available converters is a better solution. For the rest of the command line it should already be documented with `--help`.
About converters I'm not sure if there should be defaults 🤔, the ones I wrote are tailored to my entries naming scheme etc., and other users will want to adapt them for their setup. Also I'd like to keep this tool more general than for only our `odoo.com` usecase, or at least in its master branch.
Maybe some very generic ones could be written, eg. some that take a "standard" toggl entry naming format and derive task id (I think project can then be derived from task) and the description.

## Setup
###### Dependancies

> - [toggl Cli](https://toggl.uhlir.dev/)

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Set up the dependencies for your python3 environment:
```sh
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```
````

###### Install

> - [Setup Toggl CLI](https://toggl.uhlir.dev/#configuration)
> - Clone this repository

Reviewer: ````suggestion
- Clone this repository
- Install dependencies for your python3 environment:
   ```sh
   pip3 install -r requirements.txt
   ```
- [Setup Toggl CLI config](https://toggl.uhlir.dev/#configuration)
````
